#summary World Wind Geo new features.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= Downloading and building your own distro =

World Wind Geo has been enhanced with an Analytics perpective as described in the Wiki. This page explains how to download the source and build a binary distro for your OS.

= Details =

You can use Eclipse to download the source from the SVN server and build a binary distribution.

==To Download the source==

  * Install a eclipse SVN plugin (if not available). A popular one is Subeclipse from http://subclipse.tigris.org/
  * Within eclipse, open the SVN repository view: Window/Show View/Other/SVN/ SVN Repository.
  * Create a new repository location to http://worldwindrcp.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ using the wizard easy steps.
  * Check out the source projects: org.eclipse.plugin.WorldWind, org.eclipse.plugin.Analytics, and org.eclipse.WorldWind.Help
  * At this point you can open the product descriptor (WorldWind.product within the WordWind project) and run the RCP application by clicking "Launch an Eclipse application"
  * The run will fail due to the missing OpenGL & Java 3D natives. Thus open the run config (Run/Open Run dialog) and add the following arguments to the "VM aguments" section of the arguments tab: -Xmx256m -Djava.library.path=${resource_loc:org.eclipse.plugin.WorldWind}/lib/native/win32
  * Now the application should start successfully. Play around with the analytics perpective and use the help to read thru and download some test data files.

==To build a distro==
  * You will need to install the Eclipse delta pack. It allows you to build binaries for different OSes. The delta pack can be downloaded from: http://archive.eclipse.org/eclipse/downloads/drops/R-3.1-200506271435/index.php
  * Once the delta pack has been installed, open the product descriptor (WorldWind.product), and click "Eclipse product Export Wizard". Follow the easy instructions to build a binary for your OS (For example Win32: c:\temp\win32.win32.x86\eclipse).
  * Finally, copy the OpenGL/Java 3D natives from $ECLIPSE_HOME/org.eclipse.plugin.WorldWind/lib/native and $ECLIPSE_HOME/org.eclipse.plugin.Analytics/lib/native to the parent folder of your distro (c:\temp\win32.win32.x86\eclipse in the example above). Also copy some shape files from $ECLIPSE_HOME/org.eclipse.plugin.Analytics/data to the same location.
  * Double click the binary to test the deployment. Any errors may be due to the missing OpenGL/Java 3D binaries or the data shape files.


Your comments are welcome!

Regards,

Vladimir

  